docs: remove website & enhance storybook (#1697)
strapi/design-system: docs/stories/getting started/welcome.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';

<Meta title="Getting Started/Welcome" />

![Design System cover](/getting-started/cover.png)

<div style={{ padding: '1rem' }} />

# Welcome

The Strapi Design System is a collection of standards, foundations, components & hooks to help anyone make Strapi's
contributions more cohesive and to build plugins more efficiently.

## Our approach

### Consistency

The design-system we provide empowers individuals to build consistent expierences across the Strapi application. This
cohorent journey creates a more enjoyable experience for our users.

### Composability

> Our APIs are designed to be flexible and composable, allowing you to build the experience you want. This is delivered
> within the confines of Strapi's design styles. Whyen adding new ones, think about how we can promote this flexibility
> without complext prop drilling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our APIs are designed to be flexible and composable, allowing you to build the experience you want. This is delivered
within the confines of Strapi's design styles. When adding new ones, think about how we can promote this flexibility
without complex prop drilling.
```
